# Software-Development-Lifecycle

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I interpret user needs by meeting with clients and their customers to see what things they would like implemented in a program. Asking questions about how the program should work, what the end goal is, and who will use the program will help me get a clear picture of what the client needs. Creating user stories helps implement needs into a program by creating measurable goals for the program to achieve. Developers use user stories to build necessary features into a program. Testers use user stories to verify that the program contains those features in an effective way. 

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
My approach to developing programs is to gather requirements and research the best options to meet the requirements. After that, I create a plan to develop the program and test it, paying attention to things that worked and didn't work. Agile processes I plan to incorporate into my future development work are working in sprints and getting client feedback to ensure the program will meet their needs. Working in sprints is a great way to get more of the program created in a short amount of time. Sprints are also a great tool to see which development methods work well and which are not as effective. Getting client feedback during development can ensure that the project is moving in the direction the client had intended. While clients can't be involed in every decision made about the program, they should be able to see some milestones and provide input to ensure the best program is created for them. 

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member in software development means being focused on the client's project and working as a team. Being focused on the client's project can help remove some of the emotions that come from creating an element of a program and finding out that its not the best solution for the program. Instead of dwelling on the fact that the work you put into the project wasn't used, you are focused on the client getting the best solution to their problem that the project is solving. Working as a team also ties into this because instead of looking at what is the best solution for you, you're able to see what the best solution is for the entire team. Not taking things personally can help reduce conflict in the team or lead to quicker solutions when conflict arises. 
